GAME STRUCTURE


PLAYER CONTROL CHANGES

  1) Make behavior consistent when characters jump off of characters
  2) Should characters move in tile increments?
  3) Should characters push other characters or be blocked by them?

BASIC PLATFORMER MECHANICS

  1) Walls and floors (IMPLEMENTED!)
  2) Semisolid floors (IMPLEMENTED!)
  3) Spring that shoots character up high
  4) Key that must be collected to open a door
  5) Lava/Spikes
  6) Floor Switch that does different things depending on context
  7) Floor Switch that only stays activated when held
  8) Moving Platform
  9) Weight-based Platform (on a chain that sinks or rises based on weight)
  10) 


UNIQUE GAME MECHANICS

    When each character has a different move speed, jump height, and action ability and you can swap player controlled character and turn on/off Wave Control

  1) Player controls two characters with one controlled directly and the other controlled when a limited distance from the main controller (IMPLEMENTED!)
  2) Doors that require specific characters to enter it. (IMPLEMENTED!)
  3) Characters have an action that is different. Using the action should also use the action on the other character.
    A) Dash
    B) Create/Destroy Block(s)
    C) Push and or Pull
        i)   Push/pull blocks
        ii)  Push/pull 2-3 state toggle switch
        iii) Push/pull other characters
    D) Pick up object
        i)   Block
        ii)  Spring
        iii) Character
  4) Toggle Wave Control ( a controller button to allow the player to turn on/off Wave Control. Should also be made to be disabled or manipulated by environment)
    A) Energy Laser (or area) that turns on or off wave control for any character that passes through it and disables player ability to toggle themselves
  5) Change Character ( a controller button to allow the player to switch the player controlled character. Should also be made to be disabled or manipulated by environment)
    A) Area that disables player ability to control a character directly. Auto switches to the nearest controllable character.
    B) Should have Rules that it follows, such as when swapping always swaps to the nearest character.



CHARACTER CONCEPTS/CLARITY

  1) ROBOTS  -  Easy clarity, easy to draw.
  
    A) Antennas indicate transmission send/receive ability. Broken Antennas can indicate inability.
    
    B) Eye Color/glow can indicate which Robot is currently controlled directly.
    
    C) Interchangable body parts can differentiate robot abilities.
      a) MIDSECTION Fist for Push
      b) MIDSECTION Claw for pick up object
      c) MIDSECTION Rocket backpack for dash
      d) MIDSECTION Wand for create/destroy block
      e) BOTTOM Wheel for horizontal movement speed with limited jump
      f) BOTTOM Spring for high jump/limited horizontal movement speed
      g) BOTTOM Legs for normal movement/jump
      h) TOP Long Antenna to indicate transmission send ability (broken if unable)
      i) TOP Short Antenna to indicate transmission receive ability (broken if unable)
      
    D) Robot Color indicates environment interaction possibilities
      a) Must exit their own colored door
      b) Can only interact with their own colored key
      c) Any other color thing I can think of


MENUS


1) In-game level menu options
  A) Restart Level
  B) Settings
    a) Sound
      SFX volume
      Music volume
    b) Graphics
      ????
    c) Controls
  C) Main Menu
